British English Academy.
B2 listening activity.
Course: B2 Confident English.
Module 6: B2 Review, Presentations and Integrated Assessment.
Lesson 3: B2 Review, Presentations and Integrated Assessment: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen for the argument, contrast and evidence.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can argue, evaluate, clarify and organise detailed communication in a reading task about business.
Today you will practise language connected to business.
Target language: mixed conditionals.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for b2 review, presentations and integrated assessment. You will learn useful language connected to business and practise mixed conditionals. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B2 level.